The Joe Rogan experience.
It's just interesting that you were able to fight and to train a full camp for a
guy like Vulcan Nowicki, especially a rematch with no sparring,
with no partners with no nothing.
We had a lot of, we had a lot of like mental stuff, mental training, you know,
that was a lot of mental things and visualization.
Like I got to visualize or even just think of, think of new, new ways to move,
or, uh, I got to think of ways to set up stuff.
Like I just had more time to myself to think about actually the actual fight
and, and whatever. And then even with the, uh, with the sparring,
like the second fight for the Kotara, we didn't spar by.
I moved with my partners, you know, we grappled or we had up, we had ideas of,
well, this is how he moves. So I just got used to the movement and,
and we keyed on, on certain things and that's it.
But it wasn't nothing ever like cracking you, you know, like I would get,
I mean, you know how it is, you see all of these guys, they say like, oh,
I got hurt sparring. I got her support. And that's all my injuries came.
I got hurt from grappling hardest sparring hard. So if you just take that out,
you know, like you get a 200% of yourself, but it comes a point.
Like everybody thinks I'm telling everybody to start sparring.
You know what I'm telling? The young kid just toss boring.
I'm not telling the young kid to stop sparring when I was 16, I had to spar.
But it comes a point where you sparring enough to the point where everything
happens, even fights. Like I fought injured, I sparred injured. You know, I got,
I got,
I got hurt at to come to stuff like you need these times before the show,
because when it comes in the show and you get hurt in a fight or something,
you panic, you get buzzed in the fight, you panic.
But then if you do it in the sparring or these amateur fights, then it's simple.
But when you get to that second, yeah. When you get to that certain point,
then you start supplying and you save a brain. Because like right now,
I would say at least 85 to 87%,
or even close to 91% of the UFC fighters, you don't have to, you know,
if you didn't come to, to, to, to, uh, contender series,
I think you don't have to really a spar anymore. You know,
like we're all at a high level radio thinking and doing this,
like there's other ways that you could do to figure stuff out, you know?
And that's just what I think, you know, I'm not telling you to do it. You guys.
Do a lot of drills.
With pals pills, with pads or even drills, uh, drills on drills, you know, like,
you know, not like not really Dutch way, but like more, uh,
towards a fighter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we practice it. Yeah.
I'll practice it. You know, like we look, we look for, um,
whenever I watch tape, we look for consistencies, uh,
guys that they do consistent movements all the time and we work for those
moments. And then we go, we apply, we ask my partner to go. And now it's much,
it's much more easier to ask someone to, uh,
replicate this guy for me while we're moving versus tax someone to replicate
somebody when we're sparring hard. Cause I would spar hard with them.
They start getting, getting to beat, and they'd be like, Frick. This,
I give him a better look when I'm training, when I'm doing myself.
So I'm going to go to that. But that's not it.
Even if you give me a better as yourself, I'm trying to,
I'm trying to get ready for this guy. You know what I mean?
And a lot of people that's when Eagle and stuff come in and D and so on, so on.
So I didn't go.
I think so we figured out a way where it worked for me and you guys got to see,
you know, it's like, I just, I felt so good. My body, everything was like,
everything was fine. I felt great. If.
You don't understand how good Calvin caterer is,
you don't understand how good your.
Performances. Cause yeah. I talked to you, I thought Kevin K was,
and it takes two. And I tell everybody would, um,
would this let the numbers and stuff? You know, like the,
the reason why I didn't hit this numbers against, uh, against our Taikos,
cause we went only four rounds. You know what I mean? Like just like guys,
like our take is a different beast too, you know?
I think so the rest said what he said and that's what happened in that fight.
But like Qatar, it was had a, like was crazy.
Cause one of the rounds I think so like the third or fourth round I hit him and
uh, he was just gone. Like I was like,
he was gone at 10 and got around and I was like,
I'll just kinda not walking off for the fit wrong. There's no way.
And jumping up and down. Yeah. Like, like,
like it was the first round I was like, I was like, okay then there's my answer.
Uh what'd you feel it getting punched? Some of my friends were going to do this.
No, he's tough as, man.
Because there were a lot of moments in that fight where he could have quit.
You could have, and it's crazy. Cause like you see it, you see him,
you see him get to that moment. Like,
I feel it like it's right there and he just throw like a bombing.
He landed on me. I'm like, I'm like what? I like what I'm like,
come on man. And they're like,
I hear every day I could hear his corner yelling at him and stuff and this and
that. And I'm like, God it cater. I was like, you know, I was like,
I was like one time. I was like, uh, um, well, it was funny.
It was at one time in a fight. Like he was just throwing it.
He somehow landed a left hook or overhand on me and he was on the fence and I
was like, well, if I was about to get finished, like come on care, just like,
come on, just do it. But then, you know, at the end of the day, it's like,
it's not my job. You know, I can't, I can't focus on what the ref to do,
what he's, what is, uh, if his team is going to throw in the ties,
got focused on him, you know? And I think they should have stopped that.
Fight at any point in.
Time. I mean, at the end of the day, I'm in cater shoes,
like me talking as a fighter, no way I was like, give me a shot. And this guy,
you know, he's a puncher, he's a puncher puncher.
Like this guy can like put someone down, you know? But you know,
it was funny cause like Teddy, Alice said the same thing,
but Teddy Alice was like telling me when I was on his show. He was like, oh,
he was like, but max, you never got dropped. So I don't know the odds of a,
the odds of him knocking you out. Cause he's a puncher puncher.
He stood not there. You know, it's slim, but it is there.
But at the end of the day, I can't speak on that. You know?
Cause as a fighter I'd be like, you know, leave, leave me in there. You know,
I want to fight, you know, like even like even my way with even like,
if you have been shipped, you know, you want to find the best guy. Right. And,
and the way I look at it is like, if it's the best,
it's not a fight is a fight until,
until it's over. And then it's, people's pers uh, perceptions on the fight.
So after the five rounds, then it's a fight. You know? Like I,
but I taught this supposed to be the two best guys in the world.
You know what I mean? Like my, my take on it was like, why,
why don't we just have these fights? Yeah, we have the rounds. We just go on to,
someone wins the fight.
Instead of we keep this perception out of it, we just keep going wrong.
And after five rounds, guess what? We're going to six. Guess what?
We went to say, we're going to someone quit.
That's how you find the best fighter in the world at that way.
Jack Johnson style. Why.
Not? You know, that's the way I think, cause it's just perception.
Is this a perception? Right? Because.
I'll never do that in America, but they might do it in Asia.
Maybe you could talk one FC.
I might be doing some wild stuff like that. I, that they see some wild stuff.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.